hi guys i just wanted to come to you
real quickly to tell you about the new
head that I've just received this is the
Genesis virgin hair and I received this
hair about two days ago I place my order
about three weeks ago and I finally
received it on friday and i was so
excited this is the brazilian wavy it's
absolutely beautiful seriously guys this
hair is amazing this is the natural curl
pattern of the hair i haven't
manipulated it yet so it comes in this
beautiful wavy texture and I just um
just wet my hands and just run my hands
through it this morning just to keep it
from getting too poofy but the hair like
i said is beautiful eat you see how my
fingers are just gliding through the
hair it doesn't tangle it doesn't matter
it's minimal shedding I mean you get one
or two strands here but it's hair so
obviously that's allowed to happen but
yeah I left my leave out at the top and
it blends really really well I am
relaxed so obviously that'll help as
well but the hair is just amazing
seriously I've had so many compliments
since I've had it in and everyone just
comments on how natural it look I've got
three bundles in my hair and I've sewed
it onto a wig cap to create a new part
wig I have actually died this hair it
came in a natural brown so I was about a
colorful but I had to dye it black so it
would blend with my leave out on the top
but it's still so soft even after
obviously using the day the texture went
straight back it's still beautiful so
that's a really good thing this is my
first purchase of of virgin hair
so I'm new to the game I did a lot of
research though to find a company that
wasn't too expensive but still serve the
purpose that I wanted in that I wanted
hair that was soft didn't tangle minimal
shedding which this hair has all those
qualities i really recommend this hair
if you're looking for some virgin hair
to try out i think it really is quite a
good product so yeah if you like it
check out genesis virgin hair com the
hair is just beautiful I've got nothing
bad to say about it it flows it moves
I'll show you the back looks like this
absolutely beautiful now this is 20
inches so it comes to about here when
it's stretched out but yeah it's a
decent length I'm about 53 not very tall
so um I didn't want to get the hair too
long because I think I look a bit silly
but yeah this is a nice length as I said
before this is a u part wig so I've sewn
the tracks onto a wig cap and I've just
shown two clips over here because I
don't really want to sew it on I want to
be able to take it on and off at night
but yeah it's very convenient for me
that way eventually I will you know do
some layering at the front obviously
i'll also straighten it to see how it
looks straight and obviously i'll bump
curled into it as well so i'm really
gonna work with this hair it's
absolutely beautiful i hope you've
enjoyed this conversation and if you
have any questions for me just leave it
in the comments section and i will be
happy to answer anything that you would
like to ask anyway you have a great
and i'll talk to you guys later bye